What is up guys and Malcolm X An now in this video we're going to be talking about the next section
and that will be a call to action.
OK.
So basically now we are talking about a company we have given about a company name.
We have told that this is the best company and you can read about us and you can contact us.
And then if a person goes down there we have told him about our services that we offer right now.
And down below we want to give him a sign that we all for free consultation or you can conduct this
for free and get a code for free so we can just add him add that section OK.
I'm just going to go to this camera here that says Adnams section.
OK.
And I'm going to hit regular are full of it.
So it totally depends upon you that you want to go with the regular full with.
I think we should be going up at the regular rate here.
OK.
And then we have this row that how much will we want in anything.
So I'm going to be choosing this one right here.
OK.
And this will be free.
So we want to add a free consultation.
OK.
So here should be request for a free consultation and then here should be the button.
And here should be an image.
OK.
So we need basically two columns for this.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to change column structure and I'm going to choose to column.
So here would be the call to action and stuff and here would be the rest of this stuff.
OK.
And behind this one the image I'm going to go to the section setting's right here.
I'm going to go to the back room right here and I'm going to come here to the image and I'm going to
choose an image.
So for this I need to choose a best image.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to choose an image right here.
Let's just choose.
This image OK let's me let's just come here to splash dot com OK let's search for the image that is
about Dean
team or something like that.
OK.
This looks cool.
Or a handshake.
I think
handshake.
I think this one I like the most for a consolidation I think.
Or we can move on with the handshake for that.
So I think this one this one looks cool.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit download and you can see this is being looted.
So I'm going to just open this up and Photoshop.
OK.
I'm going to bring this right here so I'm going to Pring.
I'm going to just resize it.
So it looks cool.
So here we go.
OK.
I want bring this up.
Coat.
OK.
What I want to do right now I want to just press control all safe and I'm going to save it as to on
the desk top.
OK.
And on this topic and I want to open up a PC and then I want to come here to the P and G and I want
to name it as
Viji request form.
OK.
I'm going to I'm here to save and I'm going to hit OK.
There we go.
I'm going to go to my s.a.a here and I'm going to come here to upload files.
I'm going to select files and I'm going to go with that still pray here and I'm going to just open up
this.
So if you don't resize your image and then you directly try to upload the image from here it will not
look great and it will not be uploaded to make sure that you resize it to one to a dear by 720 pixel.
OK.
So let's wait until it is resized and we can then upload it.
Here we go.
You can see this is right here.
I'm going to upload image and this image should be right here.
Here we go.
I'm going to use.
I'm going to click use the parallax effect and it should be a true parallax.
So I'm going to use the C Ss so you can see that we have these handshake Crais here.
So it looks good.
It looks good on this.
And then I'm going to come here to just carry here and I'm going to choose a color right here so my
color should be a beautiful orange.
We need to go to the Korean right here so I'm going to use the chrétien and I'm going to bring this
the Creator into above for a here.
I'm going to choose a color here.
OK we are choosing the parallax effect.
That is why we cannot add it.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to choose this guy right here.
I'm going insolated.
I want to go to the Creedon effect and I'm going to choose
plays creating and above the.
I'm going to decrease it a bit.
OK so I want to just go with the black and gold.
Hey we basically want to focus on that or you can just go with the full black if you want to.
So full black also looks good I think.
Yes.
OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go with the design right here and here I think we're totally
done with this.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit OK.
OK.
And here what I wanted to do I want to just come up and I want to add a call to action button here that
says request a free consultation.
And then here would be an image.
So I'm going to go to the big Zubayda calm to get the PNB image because we need a GMH.
So I going to go to transparent and I'm going to search for consultation so consultation
cray and
so I think we can go with this one but I need that that that matches my color thing so that matches
my sight color.
So let's get him here ask me to do a consultation consult a rich
let's go with this one OK.
I'm going to come here to free download lets him here.
I said download and there we go.
This is right here.
I want to come here come here and I want to just click this guy right here and I won't use the image
so I'm choosing this image.
I want the image to be uploaded Ray here so when I drag and drop a tray here
and top it fray here and here it should be uploaded.
So I'm going to hit upload image.
And here is the image I'm going to go to the design right here and I'm going to go to the sizing so
I'm going to use it to be a bit low.
Cool.
I'm going to make it to the center.
OK I can also align it to the left so iting aligning it to the left looks good.
I'm going to come here right here right now and I need
a blurb.
OK.
On blurb on just bringing the blurb you can see I can get a title so the title would be Rick vest.
Free consultation.
Cool.
OK.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go with the design right here.
I'm going to use that type sticks to be the light
way when I go to the tile decks I'm going to increase it.
Request a free consultation.
Cool.
OK what I wanted to do right now I want to go to the I want to just hit OK.
I want to just configure this whole row and I want to make it full because we are adding.
For free Kingley the full That sections are going to go to the alignment sizing and I'm going to make
it full with.
And the custom that Irbid would be no good.
It is not the custom it the custom
custom red would be no.
So you can see that now.
This is totally relying on this.
I'm just going to use to see it because we need to custom it
OK.
You can see this looks pretty cool.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to resize it because I want to make it a bit much shorter right
now.
So I'm going to go to the sizing right here.
I'm going to choose it to be this much.
OK.
So I need this to center.
So this looks cool.
OK.
I want to change the color this color to be the black or the orange one.
So I'm going to go to this carry here.
Let's just double click it.
Sorry.
I want to make it just click here and I want to come here.
I want to just hit gear icon here.
I want to change the design of this.
So when I change the tile text color and the tile takes school or is going to be the golden one core.
OK.
We have this request a free consultation.
I'm going to increase the size
great and I want to go to I want to I want to hit this OK.
And now what I want I want a divider here.
So a divider basically adds basically enhance your website.
OK so I really recommend adding dividers to beneath every heading.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to search divider and here it is.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to show a divider.
I'm going to go to that design the color so my color is going to be the orange and I want it to be go
to this content.
The visibility the design the style.
So now let's go to the sizing so I wanted to it to be two pixel
0 3 3 3 3 looks cool and I'm going to make it like this.
Cool.
I want it to be center and center left align so on aligning this to left it is not looking big cool.
OK.
What I wanted to do I want to just come here I want to go to the design of this and the text should
be aligned to left.
So this is already aligned to lift.
Ok cool.
I want to make the edits right here.
Let's just double click it.
And I want to go to the padding right here.
So the margin.
So I'm going to go to the design and I'm going to go to the spacing right here.
And here we need to just take it from this side to this.
We need some margin from the right side.
OK.
This is that right.
We need to margin 25 pixel.
Why is it not working.
This is the right tape.
OK.
We need to give some left.
So I wanted to use some.
This is not where it came.
I want to go to
what's the this to center and or just come here.
OK come here let's delete it.
And let's add a new module in that module is going to be the text molecule not the blue or Madill so
I'm going to go to the text right here.
Let's just come here and let's set it.
So I'm going to add each one tag and that with that is going to be Rick vest
free consultation.
Ok cool.
I'm going to close this one time.
And there we go.
OK.
I want to go to the design right here and I want to go to the text right here.
From a technical or you going to be a light and I basically want to manage the text color.
So it takes scores going to be ywis OK.
I want to change the heading text color.
OK I'm going to come here and when I choose it I'm going to choose this to be this much I don't want
to increase this bit.
Best of free consultations.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit.
OK.
And I want to bring this up.
Let's bring this down.
OK.
Let's just bring this down.
Here we go.
OK.
Now I want to come here I want to head this and I want to decrease the size of this so the cell using
what's come here decreased a bit.
So I think this much.
OK cool.
You can see how this is coming.
Request a free consultation and we have this carry here and everything looks pretty cool.
If I just align this to totally left I think it will not look good.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to come here and I need to butt in right here below.
So
let's click here let's just come here and we need it.
So I'm going to click button and here should be a button.
So button text is going to be request a consultation
OK.
Now now you will see that this Bluebird is not looking good here.
This is matching this.
OK totally look if this image would be this color then it will look much into it.
It will look much better.
OK.
So you can see this blue color is not looking OK.
So I want to just move that color.
So you have to make sure that you focus on one single color and you yourself will see how you say it
looks amazing.
OK so when I go to the butterine right here I'm going to use use custom styles but in Bactrim color
is going to be this K and the and tech scholars going to be this.
So this looks cool.
OK.
I want to go to the butterine bought her Colloseum but in border clothes should be no.
I don't want any button border request a consultation.
What's going on here.
Let's click this guy let's go to the concentrate here.
Let's go to the text and let's just come here and let's just remove this request consultation.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this so you can see how this is looking at it's looking
pretty well.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the design right here and I want to go to the sizing and I want to align it to left
call.
Now you can see how this is I think I want to wait for the guy to read a bit.
I'm going to go to this guy right here.
I'm going to go to the spacing the spacing the sizing and I want to increase this to three
OK.
Now it looks cool.
Yes.
OK.
So you can see how this is have progressed consultation and everything looks pretty well.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to use the divider and I want to make it a bit above.
So I'm going to come here to advance and design and I wanted to go to the sizing.
So the spacing right here I don't want to decrease the top margins by top margin is going to be minus
15.
It looks amazing.
Now it looks good.
I can see how this is looking for a free consultation.
And we have request consultation this is going to take us to to conduct this speech.
So I'm going to double click it.
OK I cannot click the button so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this rake here and I'm going to come here to the length and it's going to open this
open the contact page.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit.
So you can see we're totally done with the condom base.
We have a background image Hetter.
We have our services section and then we have a contest of free consultation.
I think we want to go we want to add one more we want to add some more Bactrim effect because this is
not looking totally ok.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this and I want to increase this
cool let's come here and there we go.
So this is how it is looking.
Everything looks pretty.
Oh I wanted to cry if I just decrees it a bit and I decrease it from this OK.
I need to give some to the top some padding
OK cool.
So now you can see how this is looking.
Everything looks cool and in the next video we will be adding some more section to make sure that you
try the V side by side so that you like it.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and goodbye.